When you're in city life, when you're at home, everyone tends to start doing their own thing.
One's on the phone, the other one's on a computer, the other one's on TV.
You become a little bit selfish.
Whereas here, I believe, improved in some way and being closer together.
I know what my daughter's favourite colour is.
You know, it's my favourite colour now. You know, little things like that.
When my dad told me that we're coming to Ireland to preach the good news,
I didn't believe her at first because I thought it was just joking.
We all started to put our clothes together. I was like, wow, so we actually did this.
I was really excited because I've never done anything like this before.
When I heard that Ireland is very rural, so lots of people don't get called on for years and years.
I thought that's actually quite sad, so I thought it was a really good idea.
As a family, we don't want anything to distract preaching the good news.
We want it to be the focus of our life.
So, going on holiday and incorporating the ministry as well is the best way to do it.
It really is different. They really want to know about the message.
They want to hear you out. They want to hear what you've got to say.
Initially, we didn't know what we were doing.
We used to numbers and maps, whereas here it's more, it's the next house along.
It's the next plot of land along, so that was really unusual.
You're given a road to do, and the ones you find are notting.
You start drawing pictures and making your own maps as you're going along.
The knees diagrams go back in the envelope for the next time.
It was fun because we didn't know what to expect.
I felt really excited, but really nervous because it was the first time I've ever done ministry in a different area.
And people are much different.
I'm very shy at the doors.
I'm trying to learn how to do it, and I think me coming here is helping me to be more confident at the doors.
The benefit they've been receiving our girls has been absolutely amazing.
Once they saw the how receptive the householder was, they immediately see how relaxed they were.
And they were ready and ready to go.
First, it's all sunny, nice and warm, and then booth is raining.
It's like really hard, but still, it hasn't stopped us from going ministry because we know it's for Jehovah.
The most fun part of the holiday was just seeing my family experience new adventures, new things,
experiencing a new congregation and all the brothers being so lovely.
They didn't need a TV or video games. They've just had fun doing simple things.
I'm happy when we do things together.
And I think this trip has really pulled us closer.
I'm always trying to find ways of bringing the family closer together, and this was a perfect way of doing that.